com/company/Objects/SickMedic.java
 com.company.Objects.SickMedic
com/company/File/FileHandler.java
 com.company.File.FileHandler
com/company/Objects/Medic.java
 com.company.Objects.Medic
com/company/Handler/SickMedicHandler.java
 com.company.Handler.SickMedicHandler
com/company/Objects/Obstacle.java
 com.company.Objects.Obstacle
com/company/File/FileCreator.java
 com.company.File.FileCreator
com/company/Creators/IHealthyCreator.java
 com.company.Creators.IHealthyCreator
com/company/Handler/SickHandler.java
 com.company.Handler.SickHandler
com/company/Virus.java
 com.company.Virus
com/company/Objects/Sick.java
 com.company.Objects.Sick
com/company/Creators/IMedicCreator.java
 com.company.Creators.IMedicCreator
com/company/GameObjectList.java
 com.company.GameObjectList
com/company/Creators/IObstacleCreator.java
 com.company.Creators.IObstacleCreator
com/company/Handler/MedicHandler.java
 com.company.Handler.MedicHandler
com/company/Handler/InteractionHandler.java
 com.company.Handler.InteractionHandler
com/company/Creators/ISickMedicCreator.java
 com.company.Creators.ISickMedicCreator
com/company/File/FileInformations.java
 com.company.File.FileInformations
com/company/Main.java
 com.company.Main
com/company/Objects/Healthy.java
 com.company.Objects.Healthy
com/company/Handler/HealthyHandler.java
 com.company.Handler.HealthyHandler
com/company/Creators/ISickCreator.java
 com.company.Creators.ISickCreator
com/company/Area.java
 com.company.Area
com/company/Handler/MoveHandler.java
 com.company.Handler.MoveHandler
com/company/Window.java
 com.company.Window
com/company/Field.java
 com.company.Field
com/company/Objects/GameObject.java
 com.company.Objects.GameObject
